Ignore Errno::EPIPE error causes when reading body (Puma) (#1294)
appsignal/appsignal-ruby: .changesets/do-not-report-puma--connectionerror-when-instrumenting-response-bodies.md

---
bump: patch
type: change
---

> Do not report `Puma::ConnectionError` when instrumenting response bodies to avoid reporting errors that cannot be fixed by the application.

Reviewer: This seems misleading -- we're not really filtering for `Puma::ConnectionError`, and in fact other `Puma::ConnectionError` instances should still get through.

```suggestion
Do not report errors caused by `Errno::EPIPE` (broken pipe errors) when instrumenting response bodies, to avoid reporting errors that cannot be fixed by the application.
```
